# Version - NEEDS REWORK

The Regen Registry Program Guide updated editions are labeled with a version number. Version 2.0 is the second working version of the Regen Registry Program Guide. Version 2.0 is composed of program documents labeled v2.x, where x is a running number starting at 0. Individual documents may be updated from time to time as needed and versions numbers will be updated accordingly. Where documents are updated, an appendix to the document will clearly state the updates made and their effective date. Readers shall ensure that they are using the most current version of this and all other program documents. New versions of the Regen Registry Program Guide will be issued on a periodic basis when major edition updates are required. New/subsequent versions of the Program Guide will be posted on the RND website for public comment for 30 days prior to adoption. Regen Registry will prepare responses to submitted comments and post the comments and responses along with the new version of the Program Guide.

On a project level and in certain circumstances, Regen Registry may require all projects, including those monitored and verified under a previous version of the Program Guide, to implement a policy or process revision (e.g., updated administrative reporting procedures) detailed in a subsequent version of the Program Guide.

Project Proponents and other interested stakeholders should refer to the Regen Registry website for the latest version of the Program Guide, methodologies, document templates, and other guidance.

This guide is intended to updated by Project Proponents, buyers, Monitors, Verifiers, and other community members. To facilitate the decentralization of the registry program we encourage members to contribute to updating and adding to the program guide. As new protocols, processes, and programs are developed they can be included as a “chapter”. Examples could include: Carbon standards Peer Review Processes Data reporting standards
