# About Regen Network Development, Inc

Every day, business is done while neglecting impacts on the Earth. The result are destructive global consequences like climate change, desertification, ecosystem collapse, and resource depletion. The United Nations FAO estimates 33% of the Earth's soils are already degraded and over 90% could become degraded by 2050.

The price tag to ‘fix’ these problems is estimated to be in the trillions, paralyzing global efforts to quickly address climate change. There may be nothing of more critical importance today than the regeneration of the world’s ecosystems.

Nature based solutions offer one of the most powerful pathways for reversing climate change and unlocking a massive untapped market in the world: the services and products generated by Earth’s ecosystems. Regen Network Development, Inc (RND) was launched in Q2, 2018 to work to build a marketplace for nature based solutions. RND comprises the Regen Registry, coupled with Regen Ledger, an ecological blockchain-based ledger, to create a new platform to monetize ecological data while receiving rewards for regenerative practices. By improving the understanding of the state of our land, oceans, and watersheds and enabling rewards for verified positive changes, RND catalyzes the regeneration of our ecosystems.

At its core, Regen Registry focuses on bringing together academic researchers, technologists, climate entrepreneurs, and land stewards interested in harnessing earth observation technology to create scientific methodologies which finance regenerative projects.

Focus on building an environment in which people of all backgrounds can make meaningful contributions, and feel supported as they do it.
